Documentation tweaks (#852)
Materials-Consortia/optimade-python-tools: docs/getting_started/filtering.md

In order to support a new backend, you will need to create a new filter transformer that inherits from the [`BaseTransformer`][optimade.filtertransformers.base_transformer.BaseTransformer].
This transformer will need to override the methods that match the particular grammatical constructs in the Lark grammar in order to construct a query.

> Two examples can be found within 'optimade-python-tools', one for MongoDB ([`MongoTransformer`][optimade.filtertransformers.mongo.MongoTransformer]) and one for Elasticsearch ([`ElasticTransformer`][optimade.filtertransformers.elasticsearch.ElasticTransformer]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two examples can be found within `optimade-python-tools`, one for MongoDB ([`MongoTransformer`][optimade.filtertransformers.mongo.MongoTransformer]) and one for Elasticsearch ([`ElasticTransformer`][optimade.filtertransformers.elasticsearch.ElasticTransformer]).
```

I think this was your intention?
